c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.exe.config
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.Form1.resources
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.exe
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.exe
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.pdb
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.Web.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.Web.xml
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
c:\users\john\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
E:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.exe.config
E:\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.exe
E:\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.pdb
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.exe.config
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.exe
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.pdb
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.exe
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.pdb
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.Web.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.Web.xml
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.Form1.resources
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.exe.config
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.exe
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.exe
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\GraphGui.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.Web.xml
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\de\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\es\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\fr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\hu\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\it\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ja\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\pt\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\ru\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\sk\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\sv\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\tr\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\zh-cn\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\bin\Debug\zh-tw\ZedGraph.resources.dll
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.Form1.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\User\Documents\GraphGui\GraphGui\obj\Debug\GraphGui.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
